v2.04a:

x The version string, in both the banner and the version command, is
  now our old-style string concatenated to a "."  and the one from the
  generated svnversion.h.  Example: "v2.04a.r659M" This should help a)
  humans diagnose version mismatches more easily, and b) give any
  version checking host software something consistent to look for.

x Fix crazy full-blast-on green light.  Akien found the problem, where
  the Adafruit motor shield leaves pin 6 high after initialization (it
  thinks it's enabling the H bridge for the second motor).  Workaround
  is to just reset it after initialization.  Dennis still slightly
  concerned about what pin 6 might also be doing.

x Factor status light setting code to only set lights in one function
  instead of setting pin directly anywhere else.  It won't save any
  code length/space to do this, and not reduce complexity much, but
  it's still probably the right thing to do, especially in light (ha!)
  of the above problem.

x Remove status light code that turns off other colors before turning
  on the requested color.  Akien implemented this.  Shooting strings
  now need to explicitly turn off the other colors (if desired).  For
  example, a shooting string of "LG6" would need to instead be "LR0
  LB0 LG6".

x Recognize "]" at all times, not just if a comment was already
  active, to get rid of "Unrecognized command" at the start of
  shooting strings.  This probably already worked, and the error
  message was coming from the Host software.


v2.03x:
x minor cleanups, got rid of all reminders from last code review.
  x change version to a string
  x comment value of 500 in check12V()
  x limval replaced by positionSensorThreshold
  x Make LED values constants, and warn about maximums
  x limit (green) to 200 so as to not burn out the LED pin.
  x limit (blue) to 200 so as to not burn out the LED pin.
  x factor readline() to use waitForAchar() internally.
  x convert serialInput from int to char
  x clarify several comments

x Compute motor degrees-to-steps factors from motor parameters in
  preparation for allowing them to be changeable in shooting strings
  or maybe Z strings.  Found inconsistency in elevation motor specs,
  resulting in actual 512 steps per rotation instead of expected 768.

x cycle motors to limits (and check position sensor zeros) on powerup

x new command 'b' prints the startup banner

x generate and check in .hex file in preparation for avrdude upload

x Made cubeElevate() use correct Elim instead of old Rlim

x Added this NEWS file
